[v2.10.0] Add docs for the new field RefreshInterval (#1432)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/helm-charts-in-rancher/helm-charts-in-rancher.md

1. Click **Create**.
1. Select the target, **Git repository containing Helm chart...**.

> 1. You must enter a name and a Git repository URL. The other fields, including the description, are optional. Enter an alternative branch name if you don't want to pull from whichever branch the repo owner has set as the default. Usually, the default branch is named either `main` or `master`.
> 1. Input **Refresh Interval** seconds value. This will tell Rancher manager at what interval the Helm repository must be refreshed. The default is 21600 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You must enter a name and a Git repository URL. The other fields, including the description, are optional. 
  - Setting the alternative branch name allows you to pull from a branch other than the branch the repo owner has set as the default. Usually, the default branch is named either `main` or `master`.
  - Setting the **Refresh Interval** alters how many seconds Rancher waits before refreshing the Helm repository. The default value is 21600 seconds (24 hours).
```

Reviewer: Is refresh interval optional? I revised on the assumption that it is, since the text describes a default value.

1. Click **Create**.
1. Select the target, **http(s) URL to an index generated by Helm**.
1. Enter a repo name and the index URL address of the chart repository.

> 1. Input **Refresh Interval** seconds value. This will tell Rancher manager at what interval the Helm repository must be refreshed. The default is 21600 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - (Optional) Set the **Refresh Interval** with a value in seconds. This field describes how long Rancher waits before refreshing the Helm repository. The default value is 21600 seconds (24 hours).
```

Airgap installations where Rancher is configured to use the packaged copy of Helm system charts ([`useBundledSystemChart=true`](../../../getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/other-installation-methods/air-gapped-helm-cli-install/install-rancher-ha.md#helm-chart-options-for-air-gap-installations)) will only refer to the [system-chart](https://github.com/rancher/system-charts) repository that comes bundled and will not be able to be refreshed or synced.

#### Refresh Interval 

> 1. A new field `refreshInterval` has been added to the `ClusterRepo` CRD. The default `refreshInterval` is set to 3600 seconds and Rancher syncs the repository every 3600 seconds for each Helm repository.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher v2.10.0 adds the `refreshInterval` field to the `ClusterRepo` CRD. The default value is 3600 seconds, meaning that Rancher syncs each Helm repository every 3600 seconds.  
```

To modify the refresh interval of a chart repository:

> 1. Find the repository you want to modify, and click **⋮ > Edit YAML**.

Reviewer 2: This isn't great UX and I'm not sure we should be pushing it. We show a form when creating the resource and there should be something in there. @rohitsakala can you create an issue in rancher/dashboard to add the field to the form?

Reviewer 2: Ah, hadn't spotted it. Much appreciated, thanks!

> 1. Find the repository you want to modify, and click **⋮ > Edit YAML**.

Reviewer: We should include instructions on accessing the list of repositories

> 1. Set the `refreshInterval` field under `Spec` to the desired value in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the **refreshInterval** field under **Spec** to the desired value in seconds.
```

> 1. Click on **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Save**.
```

Style guide advises against "Click on"
